Add meeting minutes for 2026-06-17 (#198)
oasis-tcs/openeox: meeting-minutes/2026/2026-06-17.md

# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

- The meeting was opened with initial participant check-in.
- Justin Murphy welcomed Steve Poole from HeroDevs.

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

> - During roll call, participants noted that under the current roster the quorum threshold was 4 voting members.
> - With 5 voting members present, quorum was reached.

Reviewer: I suggest to strike that as we have the info below.
```suggestion
```

Author: Comments were addressed. Thank You

Quorum requires participation of 4 or more of the 8 voting members (including the officers).

> 

Reviewer: I suggest to add the QOC comment here:

```suggestion
All participants recorded their attendance on the OQC system.

```

Author: Comments were addressed. Thank You

| Omar               | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair                 | No      |
| Peter              | Gephardt    | IBM                                                         | Member                   | No      |
| Przemyslaw (Rogue) | Roguski     | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member            | No      |
| Sergii             | Demianchuk  | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member            | Yes     |
| Shridhar           | Chari       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                   | No      |
| Sonny              | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Member                   | No      |
| Stefan             | Arntzen     | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Member                   | No      |
| Stefan             | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Secretary, Voting Member | Yes     |

> | Steve              | Poole       | HeroDevs                                                    | Observer                 | Yes     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Steve              | Poole       | HeroDevs                                                    | Member                   | Yes     |
```

Author: Comments were addressed. Thank You

| Thomas             | Proell      | Siemens                                                     | Member                   | No      |
| Thomas             | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                   | No      |
| Thomas             | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member            | Yes     |
| Tobias             | Limmer      | Siemens                                                     | Member                   | No      |

Quorum was reached (5 voting members present).

> Role calculation note: Voting Member roles above were derived from the OQC attendance rule (attendance in the two prior meetings grants voting rights for this meeting date).

Reviewer: ...and remove it here.
But add the comment about observers.

```suggestion
### Observers present

None.

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.
```

Author: Comments were addressed. Thank You

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

- Steve Poole

### Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

### Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### Members who have declared a leave of absence
```

Author: Comments were addressed. Thank You

## 1.3 Approval of agenda

- Roll call and quorum check
- OASIS publication/admin updates
- Onboarding update for new member
- Work planning during public review period
- Review and triage of open issues marked for TC discussion
- Motions on cleanup/closure of implemented issues
- Adjourn

# 2. Updates and Announcements

## 2.1 New member onboarding

> - Steve Poole introduced himself as an observer from HeroDevs.

Reviewer: Steve was already a TC member (and had his paper work handy to prove it :-)
```suggestion
- Steve Poole from HeroDevs introduced himself as a new TC member.
```

Author: Comments were addressed. Thank You

# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

- The meeting was opened with initial participant check-in.
- Justin Murphy welcomed Steve Poole from HeroDevs.

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

> Quorum requires participation of 4 or more of the 8 voting members (including the officers).

Reviewer: Sorry - I missed that: We just had 7 voting members at that point; otherwise we would have needed 5 voting members (quorum rule is more than half of the voting members => `>50%`)
```suggestion
Quorum requires participation of 4 or more of the 7 voting members (including the officers).
```

All participants recorded their attendance on the OQC system.

### Participants present

| First Name         | Last Name   | Company                                                     | Role(s)                  | Present |
| :----------------- | :---------- | :---------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------- | :------ |
| Adrian             | Diglio      | Microsoft                                                   | Member                   | No      |

> | Art                | Middlekauff | Flexera                                                     | Member                   | No      |

Reviewer: Looks like Art is not longer member of the TC according to OASIS staff
```suggestion
```

| David              | Kemp        | National Security Agency                                    | Member                   | No      |
| Denny              | Page        | Individual                                                  | Member                   | No      |

> | Duncan             | Sparnell    | sFractal                                                    | Member                   | No      |

Reviewer: Same here.
```suggestion
```
